AMQP update. (#526)
mulesoft/docs-connectors: modules/ROOT/pages/amqp/amqp-connector.adoc

> 

Reviewer: Instructions for edit review:

Green only and do not edit the file named amqp-documentation.adoc (that is the generated reference file). By EOD would be great, but I will understand if you can't turn it around on such short notice, so then just do it as soon as you can.

Support Category: https://www.mulesoft.com/legal/versioning-back-support-policy#anypoint-connectors[Select]

Anypoint Connector for AMQP (AMQP Connector) v1.5

Release Notes: xref:release-notes::connector/connector-amqp.adoc[AMQP Connector Release Notes] +
Exchange: https://www.mulesoft.com/exchange/com.mulesoft.connectors/mule-amqp-connector/[AMQP Connector]

> AMQP Connector enables your application to publish and consume messages using an AMQP 0.9.1 compliant broker. The connector's main features include:

Reviewer: hyphen:
```suggestion
AMQP Connector enables your application to publish and consume messages using an AMQP 0.9.1-compliant broker. The connector's main features include:
```

* Prefetch size and count "quality of service" settings
* noLocal and exclusive consumers
* TLS/SSL connectivity

> * Message builder functionality similar to the one provided by the JMS Connector

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Message builder functionality similar to that provided by JMS Connector
```

[[configuration_settings]]
== Configure the Connector

> Out of the box, the AMQP connector comes with a fine tuned set of default values, both for publishing and consuming messages. This means that the only requirement is for you to configure which connection to use. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
AMQP Connector comes out of the box with a fine-tuned set of default values for both publishing and consuming messages. This means that the only requirement is for you to configure which connection to use. 
```

=== Define Global Defaults

> The AMQP `config` allows you to define multiple parameters to use by default while consuming or publishing messages. This way, you can define a global default behavior for all the operations associated with the config and then override each parameter only in the operations that require a custom behavior.

Reviewer: What should we call `config`? Is it a command? a value? some other thing?
"The... `config` <option> enables you to...."

Also, we later refer to "config" without the syntax formatting. In that case, should we be spelling out "configuration" because that's what we mean: the thing rather than the syntax?

Reviewer: I had to think about the meaning of this for a while, and I think I got tripped up by the seeming contradiction between "multiple" and "default" (a default typically implying one preferred "thing"). 
I could very well be overthinking this, but I wonder if we should call this "a set of default parameters"?

</amqp:config>
----

> In the above example, every `consume` operation or `listener` associated to this config uses an acknowledge mode of the type `IMMEDIATE`, while every time we do a `publish` or `publish-consume`, the outgoing message requests a confirm from the broker.

Reviewer: What is the object for the syntax `listener` (like "operation" is the object for `consume`)?

Also, ditto use of "config" vs. `config` or "configuration"?

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In the previous example, every `consume` operation or `listener` associated with this config uses an acknowledgment mode of the type `IMMEDIATE`, while for every `publish` or `publish-consume` operation, the outgoing message requests a confirmation from the broker.
```
Please adapt as necessary to ensure tech accuracy.

> You can override all of these properties at the operation level when required. For example, if you need to `publish` a message that does not require confirmation from the broker:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can override all of these properties at the operation level when required. For example, if you need to publish a message that does not require confirmation from the broker:
```
